we made it to another week and it's time
for us to kick up our heels and enjoy
some laughter on this wonderful weekend
today's funny comes from our very own
comedian and host of our Donnie
McClurkin show five years celebration
combined with the perfecting Music
Conference it's my brother the anointed
funny man himself my good word let's
hear what Mike has season he had his
dying cat on perfecting music on he is
so funny come on my side is not wrong
but it just ain't right no it's not
against the body it's not against loan
it's not wrong but it just ain't right
like a grown man wear lip gloss
dang wrong this is a right how you will
be stadium filled up sign and smell like
strawberries I thought my hey man you
got some more candy
oh no those are new clothes
you are a specific group
and I ran out
and they wrong it's just a right what am
I to grow me and riding on a motorcycle
together
there ain't role this is a right
yo Pig groans they're holding on to
another man's weight even eyeballs know
better than that what what boys do ride
on the handlebars dog right on the
handle ball they run did you say right
we're gonna grow man Skippy
go see the world landscape
they roll this is all right cuz when you
skip you guys slap
have you ever seen somebody skill and
that's wrong
Tyrone is a right that was Mike Goodwin
with our weekend funnies our Friday for
this game and then if you want to have
wok like if you want to know more about
his miniature comedy go to comedian Mike
Goodwin that's one word comedian Mike
Goodwin dot-com that's right go and find
out more about his comedy his ministry
the man is great